It must be hunger I'm not saying it because
There are certain doctors who act all
unique and different and end up
recommending vitamins
no no
[Music]
come on come on
those members and I'll
give you a second
[ __ ] the nutritionist man and the
redoxon diet Look eat vegetables and fruit
exercise every day and
complement your diet with this
product that's useless but it's
advantageous Thank you Mister doctor Thank you very much
these pills really don't work well let's
see it looks pretty it looks
pretty you can put a light behind it you
put a bulb behind it and it has
an effect in the room if you have a
Setup it looks nice handsome Xavi
hooligan how were you able to make that video
montage you have no shame pig
The video is fake wow It's fake the
video wow Yes yes yes yes yes yes it's a
montage it's like a Tank Let's see it doesn't
help you at all with your [ __ ] diet okay it doesn't
help you at all it's a
scam But well it's like a Tank in my
time there were even Coca-Cola ones eh this
sachet that at around 9 in the
morning when they finish
debating the doctor  that is still
uploading Dallas shorts man that is
still uploading Gala shorts man
your Twitter is about Dallas man your
Twitter is about Dallas and come on
Dallas show and come on Dallas show has
left the link of the fake live with which he
was monetizing and receiving
donations from the Poor Things these
same ones who are donating there
my Poor Things the same ones who are
donating there are the same ones who
started complaining that it's late to
go to bed two euros Oh scammer that
cost two euros is late and they are there
donating to Mister doctor because he puts
his [ __ ] name on the screen man
What the [ __ ] is that I do not understand this
video a 40 minute video that is
his name on the screen and then the
sign saying that the
live is cut because they can't do it so
why the [ __ ] does he leave it why the
[ __ ] does he leave it uploaded remove it remove it delete it
but of course it does not delete it because it is a
tiny tick look what you have
Mister doctor with two million
subscribers look what you have
waiting for in your next premiere man that
premieres in an hour  man and you have in the
premiere in a premiere that
premieres in an hour 24 users
waiting 24 users waiting but
you know what is the strongest man of course
this is already the YouTube algorithm the
YouTube algorithm that only or rather at the
moment in which they are
working one thing the
YouTube algorithm already punishes you and you upload something
different so for example if you
are uploading a newscast and suddenly you
upload a different video boom you
load it nobody sees it well if you are
uploading a channel that looks like this dala
without filter 2 I mean literally this
is Dallas without filter 2 Well now we don't
give a [ __ ] [ __ ] what you upload and you're
going to get hooked dala and you're not going to let
go of your arm go you know how
long it's worth but on top of that it's that on
top of that he had the balls he had
the balls Because they still have the
nerve to post the first tweet when he
came back the first tweet when he came back it's
Dallas did not transmit the video live
he said that his computer was dead you're stupid
you're stupid if they catch me and
tell me there's no live my computer  It's no
good, well, I'll go ahead and say, well, if your
computer's no good, you buy another one and
tomorrow we'll have the debate. But you're
really short, man, you're an idiot who
wanted to get into a bullring that you don't know how to fight. I
agreed to record the debate which
lasted two or four hours. You agreed to let me
record it, he's pathetic, man. And now,
look at this, this cheap populism,
look at this cheap populism. He
talked about topics that I asked him not to talk about,
the death of his father. Of course, man, let's see,
of course, touch your dick, touch your
dick and there will still be people who
defend him. There will still be people who defend him. I
mean, the guy first set 28
conditions that had to be met. 28
conditions. The guy, in order to accept a
debate, says to Dallas: Look, Dallas,
what you say is a debate, this is not a debate. What
you call a debate,
that's not a debate. For it to be a debate, it
has to have a moderator,
speaking turns, speaking turns, it must be
broadcast on a third-party channel. He
presents exercise 303 of his
income tax return for the year.  1997
public 400 super chat 300 members and
a girl who fans my feet man
please put 28 conditions 28
conditions the guy accepts them
28 absurd conditions he thought that Dallas was
n't going to accept him he thought
that Dallas wasn't going to
accept them he puts 28 [ __ ] conditions
Dallas accepts them and when he
accepts them It turns out that suddenly
Mister doctor who of course what he thought he
had tied up was the issue of
losing weight the issue the issue in which he
got involved with Dala's stepfather was a
pig but a [ __ ] pig I
like it let's see man is that the one who
defends this you can comment on the
topics that come out of your dick if
Dallas has gone and made a video of
what happened with the father Well you can give the
news on a newscast you can
comment on it Hey look at Dallas I
think he's broken he shouldn't have
exposed his feelings Well it can
really be done point number one
when I'm seeing a broken kid  with
the unexpected because it was completely
unexpected, let's go like three weeks
until the day the man left Okay,
when I'm watching a kid broken
by the unexpected death of his stepfather,
a relative with whom he had so much
contact and who is in Mourning, saying
negligence, the last thing on my mind,
the last thing on my
mind is to start debating whether you're
right or wrong that it was
negligence when I wasn't there
when I wasn't there but the
worst thing is that in the [ __ ] video you
watch the [ __ ] video and the guy is agreeing with
Dallas on everything, on all the
medical errors, he just started
contradicting him Because it gets visits,
contradicting Dallas and why do you
sue this type of, this type of
audience that we've seen today here in the
chat okay But well what you can't
do Well or you can do it if you're a
Corrino you can do it but what you ca
n't do is upload a video and
say Dallas lied this or well I don't
remember the literal words but
something like the real reason why
the Father died  dala that what he
had was cancer everything is [ __ ]
negligence uncle Manuel the father of
Dallas review died last
August 16th at the age of 67 to
say nothing because still if you are going to
reveal the real reason well
not yet because it is normal that the chamarte is
disgusted and wants to bring up this subject in
the debate And if you have done it that is worth it
Hey you can do whatever the [ __ ] you want
each one as it is okay each
one as it is you can do it you can do it
okay you do it but it is normal that
if you are asking for a debate he brings up
that subject what you cannot do is that I
talk about topics that I asked him not to talk about
What does this mean well it is very simple
if you have set 28 conditions for
the debate And suddenly you don't give a
damn about all the conditions and
none of the conditions are met when he
agrees not to talk about the father then
here it is revealed for whoever is stupid has not
realized what your
true intention was with the 28
requirements your true intention with
the 28 requirements is that you know very
well that you are a pig in the matter of the
father  and you wanted to veto a topic and
you wanted to veto a topic then
if you want to veto a topic Well tell him Hey
you are within your rights eh I may have
wanted to veto some topic
but don't challenge us to a debate and don't sell it as
if the other person doesn't want to accept a
debate tell him Look, I don't want to accept a
debate because I have no answer to
stay with the topic of your father that
you have made 20 million views for the
first time in your life with two million
Followers that you have that you have
made 20 million 21 and something that you have
made 20 million views Costa is it
true about his father and you have the nerve to act like a
moralist about something and to
give someone lessons in morality or
empathy or some clown of yours
asking someone not to monetize dude
to me I really am that this to me
this I find incredible to me this
seems wonderful crazy will it be your
people will it be
yes
the modified image no the modified image
no no
dude But how how No
the modified image I
couldn't believe the  shameless to say that it
is modified Do you really believe that
these medications that are
shown in this part here that you
promoted
lying lying to your audience you don't
like to talk about studies can you upload
someone to defend this doctor
please all those who were in the
video yesterday are here okay It is not a
modified image okay There is the guy
recommending eating and losing weight and I don't know
what okay can someone who
was there yesterday someone from yesterday
please upload
[Music]
Hitler pixie
if you show me Where is the video and you
show me that I signed a contract and
that I worked with that brand and it
shows me that I signed a contract
[Laughter] it can be
seen here it was in Google's cache
surely 2021 you promoted some
vitamins lying and you know it I've been
stalking you since then
let me understand this here this that is
seen around this part here It is all
modified not that it is Photoshop Well I don't
know There comes out a person who is bald
Not even the full video appears
something that did not exist But
from here it is Photoshop this here
Photoshop Well you tell me you  has done
Photoshop of Google
But you know what happens that this
surely the one who looks bad is dala It's that
what happens is that since he hasn't
published the 4 hours surely this
is very edited this surely the one who
loses is dala eh
tremendous falsification to promote
a brand really it is not the first time
if I have videos
where I take down all the lies that have been
said about brands m And this is all
false So
if you show me the video If you
show me the video like I'm going to
show because a while ago you showed me
the videos where I spoke not where I
said Show me the videos and it's a couple
of balls eh a video that you know you
deleted that very few people saw it's
brutal man it's brutal eh I mean the
guy with all the balls is
telling him no man Javi the dog from
Dallas Kevin and you are the dog of the
Doctor this one who announces scams you say
that you had published that this redirects to
your tiktok and that I share that on
WhatsApp that you are live that you
are that you are saying because there is no
sample I say there is no
proof yes  you show me but that is a
photo that could have been modified yesterday he
uploaded that was a live broadcast of
Dallas it lasted almost four hours he is supposed to
upload it in full Yesterday we
were already seeing his little face here yesterday we
were seeing his little face here I you
should not have accepted If not if not he
broadcast it live but I think it's not
going to upload everything go it's not going to upload
everything go with how good it looks is
when when it's complete right Mister
doctor this It's four hours from 8 to
one in the morning I just finished and
this and well nothing you
know how it goes you know how it
goes nothing the arguments he's going to say to
give it the interrupted that gives the
jump that remains The wolf will edit and
put background music that is what he is going to
say that is what he is going to say that the one who is
not really saying what it
seems that Dallas is very bad has more
that you have to see in the face they passed me the
video of redoxon what does it mean that
that promotion and recommendation did exist we do not
know if it was paid promotion or if
he just wanted to recommend it
already before this I before this the only thing
that I believe that  you have to do it and for real I
mean, you don't have to take it any other way
or anything, contained and it's already contained and that's it, I would
be happy, I'll be saying, I already have
the debate, you have the contact information of
the people who were with the brand,
don't tell them what's wrong with you in the video You
know perfectly well that How many work, it
wasn't a promotion, it wasn't a promotion, he
promoted it for free because
the Tank is very tasty, he liked the flavor, you have a
very big fixation for, for Searching for
information, but well, man, touch your
balls, man, touch your balls, Batman
Look at the size of those balls,
it's true I sold out, I promoted vitamins
as if they work for something when I've
said a thousand times that they don't work For nothing, let's see, I
sold out for money, not because I didn't
say it, because no, show me where he paid me,
reduction, show me
where he paid me, I mean, now they
catch you doing a promo, they catch you
doing a promo And you have to
show the other person Where is
your private conversation with the brand,
turning you off to prove that they
paid you, if not, they haven't paid you, I
say it because There are certain doctors who
act like they're unique and different and
end up recommending vitamins
[Laughs]
no no
gossip well we must not believe
blindly it does not matter if they are
specialist doctors but he is not a doctor It does
not matter that he has sold out and with
Octavio It does not matter that he has lied let us
be different we must attack
ideas not people I sometimes sin
of the latter well context in this
video Dr. Jonathan sells his soul to
a vitamin company and it seemed like a
good idea to share it with us in a
WhatsApp group obviously we slap him would you put
the audios of Dr. Vallejo
but they take down my account like Fernando
to see the campaigns they exist kiss
from all those who have done it the
inclusive specialist doctors
students whatever they want it seemed
strange to me because right in this group back
in April May we shared several of his
videos one of those was this one because
what's up with this campaign no And honestly
I shared this video there because
the person who
promotes good habits and the
evidence caught my attention just like Jonathan promoting
vitamins the topic of vitamins I
like By the way let's see it he's going to
talk about vitamins come on let's
see how you're going to apply something that
is not true he's going to say that  of redoxon yes it
works let me capture this
humiliation let me capture this
humiliation okay look look at the face Yes yes
Look at the face trying to pretend that his
vacation hasn't been ruined
you look at the face like trying No no it
hasn't left that much mark on my vacation that
today a couple of hours ago
part of the interview was published
well he's going to say that it's not
complete that it's incomplete and edited and that you
buy redobson to be able to see it in
full with Dallas
where I lied where
this person shows part of these 16
minutes of a 4 hour and 15
minute video where I am questioned that
I made a video advertising a
vitamin brand in 2021 I want to tell you that he brought
up topics that we hadn't planned to
touch on in this pseudo debate now that
's the joke Well that's the joke
friend here to the gossip you have to come
crying
in that video in that 16
minute fragment I deny seeing those
vitamins advertised and as we always say on
this channel you always have to speak the
truth and I made a mistake by denying  that I
made that video Because I did make that
video in 2021 in 2021, that is, phase nothing
Apart from that, I'm going to tell you something else, he's
now pretending to be honest But because he has no
other choice, I'm going to ask you a
question and I want you to answer me
honestly if they hadn't found
the video, do you think he would be admitting
the mistake, the lie? If I hadn't
found the video, people wouldn't have
said it, I would have released a video
because they would have applauded it anyway, eh, the
same people would have applauded it anyway, they would have
said that video doesn't exist, it was
a montage and I would have continued to
admit it until the end in 2021
I made a tiktok where I advertised a brand
of vitamins and this later brought
a controversy, I denied it, then that
controversy ended and yesterday between
Well, the topics that seemed
convenient to him Talk to Dallas after
almost three hours, wow, 3 hours, the
convenient topics, wow, it's Dallas's fault,
look at how things are going eh It's supposed
that here in this video they want to give themselves
gifts, I lied on this channel, not on this
channel, we should never, never  lie I don't know
what he's supposed to pretend is a
fact but of course that's what happens because
what happens basically is that he wants to
blame Dallas for having lied or
rather Dallas is the one to blame for him
lying it's worth saying that this video
and I hope he uploads it in full it lasts 4
hours 4 hours 15 minutes after three
hours he started to bring things out
man what the [ __ ] is he doing guys I'm going
to unbutton my shirt while I eat
some ice cream and go to sleep
[Music]